[IMPROVED] KeyValue documentation (#1537)
nats-io/nats.go: jetstream/README.md

Just as for synchronous publish, `PublishAsync()` and `PublishMsgAsync()` accept
options for setting headers.

## KeyValue Store

JetStream KeyValue Stores offer a straightforward method for storing key-value
pairs within JetStream. These stores are supported by a specially configured
stream, designed to efficiently and compactly store these pairs. This structure
ensures rapid and convenient access to the data.

The KV Store, also known as a bucket, enables the execution of various operations:

- create/update a value for a given key
- get a value for a given key
- delete a value for a given key
- purge all values from a bucket
- list all keys in a bucket
- watch for changes on given key set or the whole bucket
- retrieve history of changes for a given key

### Basic usage of KV bucket

The most basic usage of KV bucket is to create or retrieve a bucket and perform
basic CRUD operations on keys.

```go
js, _ := jetstream.New(nc)
ctx := context.Background()

> // Create a new bucket. Bucket name is required and has to be unique within a stream.

Reviewer: The bucket is a stream, so not sure what it means?

Author: Yeah, that does not make sense - it was meant to be "within a JetStream account".

kv, _ := js.CreateKeyValue(ctx, jetstream.KeyValueConfig{Bucket: "profiles"})

// Set a value for a given key
// Put will either create or update a value for a given key
kv.Put(ctx, "sue.color", []byte("blue"))

// Get an entry for a given key
// Entry contains key/value, but also metadata (revision, timestamp, etc.)) 
entry, _ := kv.Get(ctx, "sue.color")

// Prints `sue.color @ 1 -> "blue"`
fmt.Printf("%s @ %d -> %q\n", entry.Key(), entry.Revision(), string(entry.Value()))

// Update a value for a given key

> // Update will fail if the key does not exist or the revision is not up to date

Reviewer: hm, "or the revision changed"?

kv.Update(ctx, "sue.color", []byte("red"), 1)

// Create will fail if the key already exists
_, err := kv.Create(ctx, "sue.color", []byte("purple"))
fmt.Println(err) // prints `nats: key exists`

> // Delete a value for a given key

Reviewer: Mention its non-destructive

kv.Delete(ctx, "sue.color")

// getting a deleted key will return an error
_, err = kv.Get(ctx, "sue.color")
fmt.Println(err) // prints `nats: key not found`

// A bucket can be deleted once it is no longer needed
js.DeleteKeyValue(ctx, "profiles")
```

### Watching for changes on a bucket

KV buckets support Watchers, which can be used to watch for changes on a given
key or the whole bucket. Watcher will receive a notification on a channel when a
change occurs. By default, watcher will return initial values for all matching
keys. After sending all initial values, watcher will send nil on the channel to
signal that all initial values have been sent and it will start sending updates when
changes occur.

Watcher supports several configuration options:

- `IncludeHistory` will have the key watcher send all historical values
for each key (up to KeyValueMaxHistory).
- `IgnoreDeletes` will have the key watcher not pass any keys with
delete markers.
- `UpdatesOnly` will have the key watcher only pass updates on values

> (without latest values when started).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(without values already present when starting).
```

- `MetaOnly` will have the key watcher retrieve only the entry meta

> data, not the entry value.

Reviewer: metadata as one word?

- `ResumeFromRevision` instructs the key watcher to resume from a
specific revision number.

```go
js, _ := jetstream.New(nc)
ctx := context.Background()
kv, _ := js.CreateKeyValue(ctx, jetstream.KeyValueConfig{Bucket: "profiles"})

kv.Put(ctx, "sue.color", []byte("blue"))

// A watcher can be created to watch for changes on a given key or the whole bucket
// Watcher will receive a notification on a channel when a change occurs

> // By default, watcher will return initial values for all matching keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// By default, watcher will return most recent values for all matching keys.
```

// Watcher can be configured to only return updates by using jetstream.UpdatesOnly() option.
watcher, _ := kv.Watch(ctx, "sue.*")
defer watcher.Stop()

kv.Put(ctx, "sue.age", []byte("43"))
kv.Put(ctx, "sue.color", []byte("red"))

> // First, the watcher sends initial values for all matching keys

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// First, the watcher sends last known values for all matching keys
```

Reviewer: little different naming idea than the previous one

Author: I think I prefer "most recent", "last known" sounds a little vague to me.

// In this case, it will send a single entry for `sue.color`.
entry := <-watcher.Updates()
// Prints `sue.color @ 1 -> "blue"`
fmt.Printf("%s @ %d -> %q\n", entry.Key(), entry.Revision(), string(entry.Value()))

> // After all initial values have been sent, watcher will send nil on the channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// After all current values have been sent, watcher will send nil on the channel.
```

entry = <-watcher.Updates()
// Prints `sue.color @ 3 -> "red"`
fmt.Printf("%s @ %d -> %q\n", entry.Key(), entry.Revision(), string(entry.Value()))
```

### Additional operations on a bucket

In addition to basic CRUD operations and watching for changes, KV buckets
support several additional operations:

- `ListKeys` will return all keys in a bucket"

```go
js, _ := jetstream.New(nc)
ctx := context.Background()
kv, _ := js.CreateKeyValue(ctx, jetstream.KeyValueConfig{Bucket: "profiles"})

kv.Put(ctx, "sue.color", []byte("blue"))
kv.Put(ctx, "sue.age", []byte("43"))
kv.Put(ctx, "bucket", []byte("profiles"))

keys, _ := kv.ListKeys(ctx)

// Prints all 3 keys
for key := range keys.Keys() {
    fmt.Println(key)
}
```

- `Purge` and `PurgeDeletes` for removing all keys from a bucket

```go
js, _ := jetstream.New(nc)
ctx := context.Background()
kv, _ := js.CreateKeyValue(ctx, jetstream.KeyValueConfig{Bucket: "profiles"})

kv.Put(ctx, "sue.color", []byte("blue"))
kv.Put(ctx, "sue.age", []byte("43"))
kv.Put(ctx, "bucket", []byte("profiles"))

// Purge will remove all keys from a bucket
// The latest revision of each key will be kept

> // with a delete marker, all previous revisions will be removed

Reviewer: I would make a distinction between purge and delete clear in a sense that one is destructive, other is not.

Author: I will add further clarification in method descriptions, only slight refinement here. I wouldn't like to add too much commentary in code examples.
